Show states for a game:
  For each player (ordered by order):
    For each thread ordered by turn offset:
      actualTurn = turn + turnOffset % threads.length
      if player.order === actualTurn, ITS YO TURN (yellow)
      if < then green
      if > then grey

Which turn should a player be playing?
  Filter threads:
    actualTurn = turn + turnOffset % threads.length
    player.order === actualTurn

  Get one with first update date.
  Get previous turn that isn't skip.

Game complete:
  For each thread:
    For each turn:
      Output turn.

Avoid ORM objects in components

Every hour:
  Look for games that ended over a day ago. Delete.

Need a data cleanup phase (1 day?)
V2: Add way to save a 'screenshot'?
What about 'create room' spam?
  Could limit room creation to logged in?
Limit on the size of the image data?
Use push notifications for your turn & game complete
Can easily cache previous 100 pages.
Prevent a user creating too many games.
Make it a PWA
Compression urlencoded body before sending, if compressstream is present
When adding notifications, make sure if the current player is removed, the new current player is notifified
Add prompts to actions that aren't undoable
Proper loading states for everything
How does maxLength work? Make sure the server and JS are in sync with this. Eg, what does an emoji count as?
Wrap clientside requests in try/catch so they don't break in poor connectivity.
Are all refs automatically set to null when parent component unmounts?
Pointer tracker needs a 'remove listeners' method.
If the pointer doesn't move, no line is created
It's possible for -1 to appear during drawing. Max it with 0.
  Same goes for neg 16 values
Hunt down TODOs and console logs
When JS enhances a form, use the form action rather than recreating it
  Maybe create a helper for this? It's pretty repetitive
PointerTracker needs a way to release listeners
Compress image turn upload data?
Reset scroll on dynamic page change.
Switch to transactions.
Check for unused exports.
When dealing with thread.turn + thread.turnOffset, it needs to mod on players length, not thread length.

Next step:
  Message to say you're waiting for others
  iOS scroll broken after drawing
    General iOS bugs?
  Problem with context menu and cros pen
  Order of games on the homepage.
  Limit number of open games per player?
  Stop using `disabled` on form elements.
  Error messages for failed actions.
  Simple notifications.
  A bit of messaging around uptime.
  Delete old games.
  Something better than prompt().
  Push notifications.
  Drawing/describing icons on each status icon
  Scroll up to top on turn mount
